chore: Add an upgrade note for machine migration (#3797)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/upgrade-guide.md

  * karpenter.sh/provisioner-name
  * kubernetes.io/cluster/<cluster-name>
If you are currently using any of these tag overrides when tagging your instances, webhook validation will now fail.

> * `v0.28.0` introduces the Machine CustomResource into the `karpenter.sh` API Group. Karpenter now orchestrates its CloudProvider capacity through these in-cluser Machine CustomResources. When performing a scheduling decision, Karpenter will create a Machine, launching CloudProvider capacity, running the kubelet on that capacity and causing the Node to join the cluster. When upgrading from an older version of Karpenter to `v0.28.0+`, Karpenter will startup by hydrating these Machines onto the cluster from existing capacity already managed by Karpenter.
>   * Karpenter discovers existing capacity launched by an older version of Karpenter by finding CloudProvider capacity with the `karpenter.sh/provisioner-name` tag or the `karpenter.sh/provisioner-name` label on nodes.
>   
> {{% alert title="Rolling Back" color="warning" %}}
> If after performing an upgrade to `v0.28.0+`, a rollback to an older version of Karpenter needs to be performed, Karpenter will continue to function normally, though you will still have the Machine CustomResources on your cluster. You will need to manually delete the Machines and patch out the finalizers to fully complete the rollback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `v0.28.0` introduces the Machine CustomResource into the `karpenter.sh` API Group. Karpenter now orchestrates its CloudProvider capacity through these in-cluster Machine CustomResources. When performing a scheduling decision, Karpenter will create a Machine which results in launching CloudProvider capacity. The kubelet running on the new VM will register the node to the cluster. 
  * Karpenter will hydrate Machines on startup for existing capacity managed by Karpenter into the cluster. Existing capacity launched by an older version of Karpenter is discovered by finding CloudProvider capacity with the `karpenter.sh/provisioner-name` tag or the `karpenter.sh/provisioner-name` label on nodes.
  
{{% alert title="Rolling Back" color="warning" %}}
If, after upgrading to `v0.28.0+`, a rollback to an older version of Karpenter needs to be performed, Karpenter will continue to function normally, though you will still have the Machine CustomResources on your cluster. You will need to manually delete the Machines and patch out the finalizers to fully complete the rollback.
 ```

> Karpenter marks CloudProvider capacity as "managed by" a Machine using the `karpenter-sh/managed-by` tag on the CloudProvider machine. It uses this tag to ensure that the Machines CustomResources on the cluster match the CloudProvider capacity managed by Karpenter. If these states don't match, Karpenter will garbage collect the capacity that doesn't match. Because of this, if performing an upgrade, followed by a rollback, followed by another upgrade to `v0.28.0+`, ensure you remove the `karpenter.sh/managed-by` tags from existing capacity; otherwise, Karpenter will deprovision the capacity without a Machine CR counterpart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Karpenter marks CloudProvider capacity as "managed by" a Machine using the `karpenter-sh/managed-by` tag on the CloudProvider machine. It uses this tag to ensure that the Machine CustomResources in the cluster match the CloudProvider capacity managed by Karpenter. If these states don't match, Karpenter will garbage collect the capacity. Because of this, if performing an upgrade, followed by a rollback, followed by another upgrade to `v0.28.0+`, ensure you remove the `karpenter.sh/managed-by` tags from existing capacity; otherwise, Karpenter will deprovision the capacity without a Machine CR counterpart.
{{% /alert %}}
```
